README.md, before:

# Demo for using Elasticsearch Ranking Evaluation API

The Ranking Evaluation API allows to evaluate the quality of ranked search results over a set of typical search queries. Given this set of queries and a list or manually rated documents, the `_rank_eval` endpoint calculates and returns typical information retrieval metrics like mean reciprocal rank, precision or discounted cumulative gain.

For further on the API are available in the [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/search-rank-eval.html)

This demo is part of a longer [blog post](https://www.elastic.co/blog/made-to-measure-how-to-use-the-ranking-evaluation-api-in-elasticsearch) with more detailed steps about running it.

## Setup

In order to run the demo, you need at least Elasticsearch 7.0 installed.
Next, run the `setup.sh` script contained in this project. The script assumes you are running Elasticsearch locally on port 9200 and installs the demo data, including settings and mappings, to an index called `enwiki_rank`. 

After that you should be ready to run the examples from `demo_rank_eval.txt` in the Kibana Console.

## Data

This demo is based on a small subset of documents from the [English Wikipedia dump](https://dumps.wikimedia.org)
which is also available in an [Elasticsearch bulk format](https://dumps.wikimedia.org/other/cirrussearch/).
The relevance judgement data used for the evaluation is based on data collected in the Wikimedia labs [Discernatron Project](https://discernatron.wmflabs.org/login)
and is available for registered Wikimedia users for [download](https://discernatron.wmflabs.org/scores/all) separately.

Commit message:

Mention older version branches in the README

README.md, after:

# Demo for using Elasticsearch Ranking Evaluation API

The Ranking Evaluation API allows to evaluate the quality of ranked search results over a set of typical search queries. Given this set of queries and a list or manually rated documents, the `_rank_eval` endpoint calculates and returns typical information retrieval metrics like mean reciprocal rank, precision or discounted cumulative gain.

For further on the API are available in the [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/search-rank-eval.html)

This demo is part of a longer [blog post](https://www.elastic.co/blog/made-to-measure-how-to-use-the-ranking-evaluation-api-in-elasticsearch) with more detailed steps about running it.

## Setup

In order to run the demo, you need at least Elasticsearch 7.0 installed.
In case you are running an earlier 6.x version of Elasticsearch, there might be some [older 6.x branches](https://github.com/cbuescher/rankEvalDemo/branches)
with the correct syntax and data format for your version.
Next, run the `setup.sh` script contained in this project. The script assumes you are running Elasticsearch locally on port 9200 and installs the demo data, including settings and mappings, to an index called `enwiki_rank`. 

After that you should be ready to run the examples from `demo_rank_eval.txt` in the Kibana Console.

## Data

This demo is based on a small subset of documents from the [English Wikipedia dump](https://dumps.wikimedia.org)
which is also available in an [Elasticsearch bulk format](https://dumps.wikimedia.org/other/cirrussearch/).
The relevance judgement data used for the evaluation is based on data collected in the Wikimedia labs [Discernatron Project](https://discernatron.wmflabs.org/login)
and is available for registered Wikimedia users for [download](https://discernatron.wmflabs.org/scores/all) separately.
